[KEP-5440] Add documentation for mutable pod resources while job is suspended (#52800)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/MutablePodResourcesForSuspendedJobs.md

---
title: MutablePodResourcesForSuspendedJobs 
content_type: feature_gate
_build:
  list: never
  render: false

stages:
  - stage: alpha 
    defaultValue: false
    fromVersion: "1.35"
    toVersion: "1.35"

> removed: true

Author: updated.

---

> Enable users to patch pod resources on suspended jobs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable the ability to patch pod templates for suspended Jobs, in order to change requests or limits for infrastructure resources.
```
